Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to be able to remove item from carts and as well clear all of our carts
item data.
Okay, then they're not to do this.
We're going to need to go back to our VSA code and then the provider directory and then the cart, the
provider file.
Okay, now we can then use Control and D in order to make this way.
Okay.
Now we're going to create a function, or you can simply call it a mentor.
So you're going to say void and I'm going to call this remove.
COTS.
I said, okay.
Now we're going to remove this item based on the product ID.
Right.
Okay.
Just put ideas.
Now we can then call that on this.
Cards, items, dots.
I think we have their remote made.
So you can see takes key which is going to be the products.
Forget it.
Okay, great.
And that's all we can call the notify.
No.
To find the.
Okay, I.
And that's to save.
Okay.
Now we're going to go back to the cards.
It's a screen.
Okay.
We're going to look for that control.
And B, I think this should be it.
You can just change it to black.
To see.
Okay.
It is.
Change it back to red.
Okay.
Now we're going to stay on the score cards provider.
Political card provider.
Then there's going to be darts.
Dodge guards remove.
Scott I think look, you can see it automatically past the product ID, okay, now are the semicolon
and then use control and that's to save and go check what you just did.
Okay, now I click on this.
Okay, great.
Now, when we click on this, we are going to be able to remove all our carts item data.
Okay.
Now to do this, I'm going to go back to the.
COTS provider.
Okay, now you going to create a new method or a new function?
Okay.
We're going to call this Claire.
Courts data.
Okay.
No, I never leave the past in any product ID because we are not removing a specific product, but we
want to be able to click on this and then remove all the products we have.
Okay.
So I never go past anything and I will call the mystical card item that I think we have invented or
a function known as.
KLAY okay, great.
And as well, you can just call the notify.
The Snow Valley is going to look for changes you're making to the court's intent.
Okay.
And I think we have that.
We have the high bar in the court screen.
So you're going to go to the high bar.
But sorry, I think we have it in the courts.
Right.
Okay.
Cut screen and then use control and be digital via the actions button.
Okay, now we need to have access first.
To this class.
So this class called cost provider to have access to this method which in its okay.
Right.
And I think where you have access to that's already.
Okay.
Cut screen.
Controller.
B Okay.
I think radio of us is to provide a class.
Okay, so over here layer.
It's going to say underscore cards right there between those two qualities.
Dot clear data.
Okay.
Gotcha ness.
And.
And good check what you just did.
Okay.
Click on this.
Now we can add.
And then.
Go back.
And why.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys, see you in that chair.